Add guide for GSoC contributors (#2873)
projectmesa/mesa: docs/GSoC.md

## Mesa and GSoC
Mesa has participated in Google Summer of Code since 2024 and has had 7 contributors to date.

**Last year’s projects (4) :**

| Project | Contributor | Discussion Link |
|----------|--------------|-----------------|
| **Mesa Frames upgrade** | [Ben](https://github.com/Ben-geo) | [Discussion #151](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa-frames/discussions/151) |
| **Mesa front-end upgrade** | [Sahil](https://github.com/Sahil-Chhoker) | [Discussion #2772](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa/discussions/2772) |
| **Mesa LLM** | [Colin](https://github.com/colinfrisch) | [Discussion #2773](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa/discussions/2773) |
| **Mesa LLM** | [Sanika](https://github.com/sanika-n) | [Discussion #2775](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa/discussions/2775) |

Note : for the Mesa LLM project, the two candidates were selected to work on different aspects of the project

## Making a proposal for Mesa

You can start with the official GSoC guidelines on the [proposals](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/writing-a-proposal).

For Mesa, making a great proposal implies:

> - Referring in a very specific way to current Mesa features and demonstrating hands-on experience with Mesa. Don’t hesitate to visit the [Mesa GitHub](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa) and [documentation](https://mesa.readthedocs.io/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Building on current Mesa features and demonstrating how it will integrate with them. Hands-on experience with Mesa and building ABMs helps a lot with that. Don’t hesitate to visit the [Mesa GitHub](https://github.com/projectmesa/mesa) and [documentation](https://mesa.readthedocs.io/latest/).
```
